Questions
-----------
add test mode give good indication of test mode active

add location of realtime data file in preferences
dataFilePath /Users/breckymorris/Documents

Try and find a way to make the 'new' menu item more intuitive (low priority)
Not really clear why 'start acquisition' is grayed out





Where is data coming from?

New changes 5/20/2021 - meeting with Andy
------------

Make sure we read enough digits from any of the files, but particularly the 
 Probe. Name file where units of length are concerned

Be able to handle shutoff between sites


New bug
---------
If the files are read incorrectly on program start up, program crashes
	- I think it's because the main window isn't up yet.


Done
------------
Use only lines of pdf output - no data points - cubic spline? I don't think this is an actual problem.
Remove 'export data file' from menu
Remove data table from snapshot - just plots
Add record number to data table
Remove warnings from the data bounds limits file
Put depths in GUI pulldown menu along with chosen probe names - done, but...
 Would be nice to change the depths when user changes the probe name
 Format for depth two digits
Use 'filename' instead of the word 'snapshot' in snapshot file

Add a pop up at beginning of program to save file as 
 Use this filename as a default for next time - save name in preference file
 Ensure overwrite protection for this data file
Remove data directory file preference in favor of the above 
Make sure the probe file names use depths in meters (not cm)
Do we want automatic scrolling of the data table - data lock option, maybe?
Make sure filename is given
What to do if the file goes away (error messages come on ad naseum)?
Put file suggestion in save file dialog? I don't think this is a great idea


To Do
-----------

Find duplicate names on the probe name dialog
Retest everything once all changes are made
Check gradient calculations 

User guide kinda sucks, also could use a .css file

Comment code
Compare to spec

Add code comments, improve readability

Add increased error checking 
	bad data
	bad files
	bad probe names
	bad output location(s)
	bad gradient NaN

Debug!













